# FinalProject
## https://youtu.be/19rmilR_99E
## https://github.com/AlexLiljegren/FinalProject
This is just a quick reflection and description about my final project. The scope and basic concept of the project changed pretty drastically compared to my proposal, and I think it was for the best having now finished the project. I'm passionate about animation and am proud of what I accomplished with this result. I used Photoshop to create the animation sequences, then used pygame to import them into the code and add additional features. It features Fatalis, the mythical black dragon from the Monster Hunter game series, rearing up and roaring. Additional features include adding fire breath to its roar, fullscreen toggling, pausing the animation, and holding down the R G and B keys to add red, green, and blue color filters, respectively, to the screen.

As I mentioned earlier, my original idea for this project would be to utilize the pillow addon to draw an image of a dragon and then make modifications and add new features wherever necessary. My predicted timeline and workflow were outlined in the proposal file, which is also included in this repository. However, I decided that I should probably take a new approach that would be more fun for me to create and more time-efficient. Thankfully, many of the lessons in this class had adequately prepared me for this final project and allowed me to easily perform tasks such as importing and running individual frames to create an animation, as well as using key presses and other [ygame commands to allow changes to take place on the screen by utilizing the keyboard. I also felt that this new concept for the project aligns more with what I want to do in the digital art and animation field, so I feel that the experience and knowledge gained from this project would be more useful to me in the future.

Over these past few months, I've learned that programming isn't really my thing. I've tried really hard to learn and understand how to do it and how to read lines of code, and while I was able to understand most of what was taught throughout this course due to Professor Lim's helpful explanations and demonstrations of concepts, I feel that I am just more drawn to the artistic side of this medium, rather than the technical one. Despite this, I enjoyed my time creating this final project, as it allowed me to blend aspects that I love about animation with the knowledge I've gained in programming.
